After we've successfully implemented create
and update answer functionally now
let's complete our CRUD operation in our application by implementing delete functionality for answer.
All right let's switch over to our terminal
and then create new branch
OK
Now let's open
answers
controller
and here
let's add question
In the first argument
note that this argument is useless in this method.
But the reason define it is to follow the uri pattern in our routes.
So let me show you again
as you can see here there are two route parameters.
OK
here we
authorize the user by saying this authorized delete
answer
And then after that we can delete the
answer by calling answer delete
last we can refresh the page by calling return back
and then specify the flash message.
Now if you remember when new answer is created the answers_count column on the questions table should
be incremented and that's mean
when the answer removed we need to
decrement that column right?
So let's open the answer model
go to boot method
and here we can say static double colons deleted pass a closure
define an argument to represent the answer instance.
And here we can decrement the answers count column
by saying answer question decrement answers_count.
And now I realize that this is not necesary
so just remove it.
All right
save all changes.
And let's give it a try.
So here is the question that has been
answered by the current user.
And here the answers_count is three.
Let's hit the delete button.
Hit OK.
The delete message show up and here the number
of answers count has been decrement
Great.